So how can we design and manage field
devices so that we minimize vulnerabilities
when integrating with the web?
Here are a few recommendations.
Try to contain all device dependencies
of a subsystem on a single subnet.
In doing so, devices will not have to
communicate publicly over unsecured
protocols for systems to work.
Only allow incoming traffic from
trusted public IP addresses by
implementing strict firewall policy's.
Ensure all devices meet minimum security
standards so that the risk of them being
compromised and becoming a security or
worse operational risk is minimized.
If you are unaware of all
protocols that devices are using,
it is impossible to manage them.
Therefore,
it is important to ensure devices
communicate only over authorized
protocols that are well understood.
Test devices repeatedly to ensure compliance
with security and network standards.
In doing so,
changes in device status can be
identified and properly acted upon.
This is an example testing flow for
a complex Internet of Things project.
Testing takes place throughout
the device lifecycle.
Initially, devices undergo
automated tests to qualify for
selection as system components.
Each system then undergoes a factory
acceptance test and a test on site as
part of production network setting.
As further systems are added to
the production, network,
systems are operated concurrently
as a series of integrated tests.
Unsuccessfully adding all systems
to the production network and
completing final integration tests.
The installation is commissioned
and then witnessed by showed
professor professionals.
Following completion of
the development project,
systems undergo regular automated
tests to ensure that no connected
devices have been compromised.
When taking initiative to develop
an Internet of Things business,
it is impossible.
Is it possible to find yourself in a
situation where the state where the
state of a thousands of devices need
continual monitoring and management?
This can be an onerous task.
Particularly there is little standardization
in the market for field devices.
One way of effectively managing the situation
is to develop a standard for automated tests.
However, no governing body has
stipulated what requirements
such a standard might include.
Questions that may need to be addressed
are can the device automatically
enroll on the network to reduce
the need for manual activity?
Is the device secure so that
the security and operations of
my systems aren't compromised?
Will the device payload be understandable
so that my applications will work?